readme.markdown, before:

HTML5 Wordpress Shell
---------------------

NEW: if you use SASS switch to the SASS branch, easy as that

This *Shell* theme can freely be used to rapidly develop websites using clean HTML5 that generates a well thought out document outline.

The theme was created and is actively maintained by [mimoYmima] a web design studio in Brooklyn, New York.

**Some Of the Features**

  - Very well thought out HTML5 document structure
  - Fully Search Engine Optimized
  - Responsive Ready, the style.css file has pre-programmed areas for common media queries
  - [The mother of all body tags]
  - Dynamic sidebar examples
  - Custom sidebar examples
  - [Smart sidebar disable]
  - 404 template, 503 template (for use with maintenance mode plugin)

**Learn more about the shell and download our WordPress Plug-Ins pack at [html5.mimoymima.com]**

  [mimoYmima]: http://mimoymima.com
  [html5.mimoymima.com]: http://html5.mimoymima.com
  [The mother of all body tags]: http://www.mimoymima.com/2010/03/lab/wordpress-body-tag/
  [Smart sidebar disable]: http://www.mimoymima.com/2010/03/lab/disable-sidebar/

Commit message:

updating the readme to point people to the sass version

readme.markdown, after:

HTML5 Wordpress Shell
---------------------

NOTE: Most work being done on the shell is being done on the SASS version

[SASS version]: https://github.com/condensed/html5-responsive-wordpress-shell-SASS


This *Shell* theme can freely be used to rapidly develop websites using clean HTML5 that generates a well thought out document outline.

The theme was created and is actively maintained by [mimoYmima] a web design studio in Brooklyn, New York.

**Some Of the Features**

  - Very well thought out HTML5 document structure
  - Fully Search Engine Optimized
  - Responsive Ready, the style.css file has pre-programmed areas for common media queries
  - [The mother of all body tags]
  - Dynamic sidebar examples
  - Custom sidebar examples
  - [Smart sidebar disable]
  - 404 template, 503 template (for use with maintenance mode plugin)

**Learn more about the shell and download our WordPress Plug-Ins pack at [html5.mimoymima.com]**

  [mimoYmima]: http://mimoymima.com
  [html5.mimoymima.com]: http://html5.mimoymima.com
  [The mother of all body tags]: http://www.mimoymima.com/2010/03/lab/wordpress-body-tag/
  [Smart sidebar disable]: http://www.mimoymima.com/2010/03/lab/disable-sidebar/
